Still before, now sing, John wrote the seven churches.
John wrote the seven churches while.
He was a-riding, John wrote the seven churches.
He was a-riding, John wrote the seven churches while.
He was a-riding, oh, John, John, John.
He left your book, John.
Why don't you ride no more?
He was a riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding, riding
He loves the writing.
Oh, John, John, John.
He left your book, John.
Why don't you write a book?
He loves the writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing, writing.
He left you first, John.
John, don't you ride no more.
Well, he rode my mother a little while.
He was a rider, he rode my mother a little while.
He was a rider, oh, he rode my mother a little while.
He was a rider, oh, John, John, John.
He left your boots, John.
John, don't you ride no more.